Address guvectorize too slow for cuda target (#6889)
numba/numba: docs/source/reference/envvars.rst

   Strict strides checking is deprecated and may be removed in future. See
   :ref:`deprecation-strict-strides`.

.. envvar:: NUMBA_CUDA_LOW_OCCUPANCY_WARNINGS

>    Enable warnings if the block size is too small relative to the number of

Reviewer: The error is generated when the grid size is too small, not the block size. It's probably worth mentioning that the heuristic used here is `(grid size) < 2 * (number of SMs)`, and that the absence of the warning doesn't necessarily imply a good grid size - larger multiples of the SM count may be more efficient.

>    Enable warnings if the block size is too small relative to the number of

Reviewer: Also it should be mentioned that this is on by default.

   Strict strides checking is deprecated and may be removed in future. See
   :ref:`deprecation-strict-strides`.

.. envvar:: NUMBA_CUDA_LOW_OCCUPANCY_WARNINGS

   Enable warnings if the grid size is too small relative to the number of

>    steraming multiprocessors (SM). This option is on by default (1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   streaming multiprocessors (SM). This option is on by default (default value is 1).
```

Author: Done.

>    streaming multiprocessors (SM). This option is on by default (default  value is 1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   streaming multiprocessors (SM). This option is on by default (default value is 1).
```

Author: @stuartarchibald change committed.

>    The heuristic checked is whether gridsize < 2 * (number of SMs). NOTE: The absence of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The heuristic checked is whether ``gridsize < 2 * (number of SMs)``. NOTE: The absence of
```

Author: Done.

   a warning does not imply a good gridsize relative to the number of SMs. Disabling
   this warning will reduce the number of CUDA API calls, as the heuristic needs to

>    check the number of SMs for the device in the current context.

Reviewer 2: Does lead to a noticeable compilation speed gain?

Reviewer: This is for launch speed rather than compilation speed. In the past there have been performance issues due to excessive getting of contexts, e.g.: https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/5189 - so I think if we add a get of the context in the launch pipeline, it's good to have a way around it as well.

>    heuristic needs to check the number of SMs for the device in the current context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   heuristic needs to check the number of SMs available on the device in the
   current context.
```

Author: @stuartarchibald change committed.
